it's a fourth generation house well CPU
storage is SSD with two-way technology
up to 512 bytes and for this display is
some IPS full HD display is the same
display that Apple used for their
product
famous trade assessor it's lightweight
and it's only weighs 1.1 kill brains
and for the ID as you can see from here
it is all metal so potala from a part
see part is to the bottom face
Airport and left side we have a USB 3.0
this is the audio speaker board and this
is the memory card
in here we have another USB 3.0 and HDMI
and as you can see this is a it is a
touchscreen phone it is a touching able
model and
and the response is hum as fast as
show you
the other statements that work for this
simple crime we actually include out a
sweet stop right here you can see Julia
it's a face recognition logon software
so if you want to log on this computer
you can actually put your face I mean
put your face on toward you can webcam
and it's recognizing
all right so here I login to the system
using my face